Don't worry about the climate.
Sir is the most wonderful person I have found
Me too.
Will think that Mr. has found something
The cat seems to be involved
In fact, on the outside
The group of people who played them
Why are you still throwing it away?
This tea knife has been around for a long time
Ok I bet you
I'll go first.
But before you gamble
I have two conditions to say
First of all, if I die
Then the throne of the Lord is empty talk
I have to get some benefits for our Ye family
What's the benefit?
If I die
Then half of the property of the ten ancient tribes
It must belong to my Ye family
Yes, after all, you are competing with me
I don't even want my life
Courage
The second condition
Give me some time.
I'm going to see my father.
account for the funeral
It's ok.
As long as you are not a shrinking turtle
Just walk away
Hurry up, hurry up, time is running out
Hurry up
Master, are we going back to the imperial capital?
Go back to the imperial capital
Go to the private garden